c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.xr.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\bin\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.exe
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone.pdb
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\Users\Stephen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HelloWorld\HelloWorld\HelloWorld.WindowsPhone\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
